MUI5 label:false issue (#3519)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: CHANGELOG.md

- Updated `BaseInputTemplate` so that it shrinks a `time` formatted input
- Added support to make a copy of an array item directly after the item selected to be copied (feature is off by default), fixing [#1261](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/1261) and [#1712](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/1712)
-"ui:options" : {"label" : false}
-Updated `BaseInputTemplate` label={displayLabel ? label || schema.title : false } to label={displayLabel ? label || schema.title : ''} 
-Updated `RadioWidget.tsx` added property disableLabel and use it to hide label if label = 'false'

## @rjsf/mui

- Updated `BaseInputTemplate` so that it shrinks a `time` formatted input
- Added support to make a copy of an array item directly after the item selected to be copied (feature is off by default), fixing [#1261](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/1261) and [#1712](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/1712)

> -"ui:options" : {"label" : false}
> -Updated `BaseInputTemplate` label={displayLabel ? label || schema.title : false } to label={displayLabel ? label || schema.title : ''} 
> -Updated `RadioWidget.tsx` added property disableLabel and use it to hide label if label = 'false'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-Updated `BaseInputTemplate` to fix issue where returning false for the label needed to be changed to an empty string
-Updated `RadioWidget.tsx` added property `disableLabel` and use it to hide label if label = 'false'
```

- Updated `BaseInputTemplate` so that it shrinks a `time` formatted input
- Added support to make a copy of an array item directly after the item selected to be copied (feature is off by default), fixing [#1261](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/1261) and [#1712](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/1712)
-Updated `BaseInputTemplate` to fix issue where returning false for the label needed to be changed to an empty string
-Updated `RadioWidget.tsx` added property `disableLabel` and use it to hide label if label = 'false'

> 

Reviewer: Whoops, these need to be moved to the 5.4.0 section above

## @rjsf/mui

- Updated `BaseInputTemplate` so that it shrinks a `time` formatted input
- Added support to make a copy of an array item directly after the item selected to be copied (feature is off by default), fixing [#1261](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/1261) and [#1712](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/1712)
-Updated `BaseInputTemplate` to fix issue where returning false for the label needed to be changed to an empty string

> -Updated `RadioWidget.tsx` added property `disableLabel` and use it to hide label if label = 'false'

Reviewer: Whoops, these need to be moved to the 5.4.0 section above
